docs/gamebeye/colors.rst, before:

Colors module
=============

The **gamebeye.gbcamcolors** module is as its name indicates focused on colors and color space conversion. It deals with a selection of color palettes (picked and adapted from `HerrZatacke <https://github.com/HerrZatacke>`_ `gb-printer-web <https://github.com/HerrZatacke/gb-printer-web>`_).

Thoses colors allowed me to make this small animation :

.. container:: centered-grid

   .. raw:: html

      <div class="grid-item">
         <img src="../_static/colorizedGameBoyCamera.gif" alt="Animated GIF made of colorized images">
         <p>Animated GIF made of colorized images</p>
      </div>

:mod:`gamebeye.gbcamcolors` module
----------------------------------

This module also uses methods from :ref:`ch module`

.. automodule:: gamebeye.gbcamcolors

   .. autoclass:: gamebeye.gbcamcolors.GBColorPalettes
      :members:
      :undoc-members:
      :show-inheritance:

.. _ch module:

:mod:`gamebeye.color\_helpers` module
-------------------------------------

.. automodule:: gamebeye.color_helpers
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Commit message:

Rename gbcamcolors file to gbcampalettes, add gbcampalettes enum

docs/gamebeye/colors.rst, after:

Colors module
=============

The **gamebeye.gbcamcolors**  and **gamebeye.gbcampalettes** enumerations are as its name indicates focused on colors and color palettes. It deals with a selection of color palettes (picked and adapted from `HerrZatacke <https://github.com/HerrZatacke>`_ `gb-printer-web <https://github.com/HerrZatacke/gb-printer-web>`_).

The module **gamebeye.color_helpers** module gather color conversions.

Thoses colors allowed me to make this small animation :

.. container:: centered-grid

   .. raw:: html

      <div class="grid-item">
         <img src="../_static/colorizedGameBoyCamera.gif" alt="Animated GIF made of colorized images">
         <p>Animated GIF made of colorized images</p>
      </div>

:mod:`gamebeye.gbcamcolors` module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: gamebeye.gbcamcolors

   .. autoclass:: gamebeye.gbcamcolors.GBColorValues
      :members:
      :undoc-members:
      :show-inheritance:

:mod:`gamebeye.gbcampalettes` module
------------------------------------

.. automodule:: gamebeye.gbcampalettes

   .. autoclass:: gamebeye.gbcampalettes.GBColorPalettes
      :members:
      :undoc-members:
      :show-inheritance:

.. _ch module:

:mod:`gamebeye.color\_helpers` module
-------------------------------------

.. automodule:: gamebeye.color_helpers
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
